README.md, before:

# Cloud Vault

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

A file storage application.

## Getting Started
To get started, first clone the repository, then inside your terminal run:

```bash
npm install
```

After that run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.


## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Key Features:

- Authentification with Clerk
- Store files in a personal space
- Share files with a team
- Backend implementation with Convex
- Use shadcn ui for frontend components

Commit message:

Add hosting information for demo and testing purposes

README.md, after:

# Cloud Vault

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

A file storage application.
## Hosting
The projet is hosted on vercel for demo and testing purposes: cloud-vault-sable.vercel.app

## Getting Started
To get started, first clone the repository, then inside your terminal run:

```bash
npm install
```

After that run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.


## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Key Features:

- Authentification with Clerk
- Store files in a personal space
- Share files with a team
- Backend implementation with Convex
- Use shadcn ui for frontend components
